easy to understand and well explained
simple and to-the-point
Gives concrete information
gives a better explanation for the question asked
easy to understand and addresses the questions asked
addresses the question asked.
better explanation and also provides the source of the answer
provides easy to understand and logical reasoning
clear and concise answer that explains the reasons in easy to understand terms
more complete answer
simple language but domain knowledge required
explained in layman terms
covers all parts of the questions
more precise answer with example
actually answers the question, unlike the other choice
simple and precise answer for all parts of the question
provides sufficient information addressing the subject of the question
covers all parts of the question
gives a clear yes/no answer
gives relevant information
provides more relevant information and sources for further reading. The other answer simply repeats the question
covers all parts of the question and the answer is easy to understand.
the answer provides a clear answer and is supported by a refernce
precise answer supported with examples.
the answer provides a more concrete explanation along with a reference.
precisely answers all the parts of the question
the answer provides more details regarding the subject along with sources and references for further reading.
provides to-the-point answer supported with references
provides clear answer to all parts of the question
provides precise answer with a reference.
provides information that is more closely related to the subject of the question
provides more subject related information. the other option is not an answer at all.
the answer it provides information on the subject of the question along with an online reference, unlike the other option which, is just another question.
the answer is supported by a literature reference
provides details on the subject and literary works as well. The other option is an extension of this answer.
provides a concise answer
provides precise answer with literary references.
provides the answer and the reasoning behind it.
elaborates on the each part of the question with valid reasoning. also provides the answer source.
concrete, easy to understand answer. also provides information for further study
it's a better understanding of question
Answered in details
the logic makes sense and in details
Answered directly
More reasonable
makes sense
Make sense and easy to understand
make sense
It's a sound reason and it can answer the qustion
Anserwed in science view
make sense
answered in science view
easy to understand
Answered more questions
Answered in more details and make sense
make sense
answered in more details
more general and make sense
make sense for non-experter people
make sense
Reference pic makes sense
More precise
more general
Answered the question and given the example
Answer each question.
More details and reference
Given reference
Answered each question and make sense
Concrete answer
More likely correct answer
An example for question
Given reference
Correct answer fro question
seems more correct
not sure, seems correct
More precise answer